
	Hardware Configuration:

             Processor : Pentium III or higher 
            RAM : 128 MB or More 
            Hard Disk : 20 GB or More 


	Software Configuration:

Operating System: Windows XP, VISTA, Linux. 
Web Server: sql server 
Front End: html 
Scripts: php


HOw TO RUn THE SOFTWARE:

AS A MANAGER:

1.First we have to register in the first page as manager.
2.After that if you login as a manager it will show the home page.
3.In home page we can choose reservation or bill or update or login page or contacts.
4.If you reserve a room we can choose reservation.
5.when we click submit in reservation it will check the availability of the room.
  If the room is available it will show the form for customer information.
6.we have to fill all the details in the form and submit.
7.After that it will show how many rooms are availble with your romtype and with room numbers.
8.we have to choose room numbers from there and submit.
9.It will show your token with token number and name,surname,indate and outdate.
10.From home page we can give bill option,it will generate your bill and 
   it will show your bill and it will delete your token number from the database.
11.From home page we can see update option,from this we can see Occupancy rate and 
   update rent options.
12.If we click occupancy rate it show how much percentage rooms are occupied.
13.If we click update rent, it will show one page here we have to give roomtype(singleA/C,doubleA/C,single nonA/C,double nonA/C)
   and we have to give room rent and submit,it will update the room rent.
14.If we click on loginpage it will go to login page.
15.If we click on contacts it will show the phone numbers.




AS A RECEPTIONIST:


1.First we have to register in the first page as receptionist.
2.After that if you go as a receptionist it will show the home page.
3.In home page we can choose reservation or bill or login page or contacts.
4.If you reserve a room we can choose reservation.
5.when we click submit in reservation it will check the availability of the room.
  If the room is available it will show the form for customer information.
6.we have to fill all the details in the form and submit.
7.It will show how many rooms are availble with your romtype and with room numbers.
8.we have to choose room numbers from there and submit.
9.It will show your token with token number and name,surname,indate and outdate.
10.From home page we can give bill option,it will generate your bill and 
    it will show your bill and it will delete your token number from the database.
11.If we click on loginpage it will go to login page.
12.If we click on contacts it will show the phone numbers.



AS A CATERING MANAGER:


1.First we have to register in the first page as catering.
2.After that if you go as a catering manager it will show the hotel menu.
3.Here we have to choose some food items and we have to give token number.
4.when we click on submit it will update the main bill.